Please remove Flask.py, model.py, and oredict.py from the directory before running the application to avoide any complications.
This is a design and implementation of a deep learning-based image tampering detection mobile application,
submitted in partial fullfilment of the requirements for the degree of computer engineering at Princess Sumaya University for Technology
by Hellen Marashilian and Bashar Abduallah.
In this day and age, we are undoubtedly being exposed to multiple forms of visual media. With today's abundance of available editing software tools, detecting the difference between real and fake imagery has become undeniably challenging, which has caused skepticism to disperse through our minds. Our project aims to create a free mobile application to detect image tampering based on a developed deep learning model. 
To introduce a good solution for such a complex problem, we use convolutional neural networks (CNN), which process the image by extracting its essential features. Before CNN architecture was introduced, researchers used more straightforward tools to detect image manipulation, such as error level analysis (ELA). This tool finds the difference in ELA levels in a JPEG image by comparing the original and compressed versions, which results in inaccurate results because of the high probability of having duplicate areas within an image. This project aims to develop an intelligent forgery detection system with high accuracy and impressive results using CNN and ELA. It consists of two stages, training and testing the model using available datasets and designing an application that has an easy-to-use interface for the model.
